Chore: Updated Defiant Page with a link to RSK-Kriptonmarket Integrations Diagram (#622)
rsksmart/devportal: solutions/defiant.md

![Defiant RSK Integration](/assets/img/solutions/defiant/defiant_rsk.jpg)

> See a high level diagram on how [Defiant integrates with Kripton Market](/solutions/kriptonmarket/#integration-with-rsk)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access cryptocurrencies and tokens on the RSK network,
using local currencies in several Latin American countries,
through [Defiant's integration with Kripton Market](/solutions/kriptonmarket/#integration-with-rsk)!

[![Defiant's integration with Kripton Market](/assets/img/solutions/kriptonmarket/integration-diagram.jpg)](/solutions/kriptonmarket/#integration-with-rsk)
```
